(Opening Theme Music)
(suspenseful music)
Dammit!
Hmm?
(winces)
(grunts)
Let go!
You've seen what he can do.
You are simply no match
for the Otsutsuki.
Taking your eyes off me?
So confident.
Father!
Shinki, you...
I said to protect Shukaku.
Yes, but...
(gasps)
(dramatic music)
(gasping)
(roaring)
Imagine that, appearing
all on his own.
(chuckling)
(grunting)
Magnificent.
Huh?
Your chakra shall
become mine now.
(grunting)
Grand Sand Mausoleum Seal!
Well, now you've
gone and done it,
but I guess I can
sit and bide my time.
(panting)
(yells)
Father!
Gaara!
[Both] Lord Fifth!
You guys, what's going on?
[Kankuro] Boruto,
why are you here?
Please, I got to know.
What was that, what
happened to Sasuke?
He seems to have been
sent to another dimension.
But knowing him, he'll be able
to make it back on his own.
(winces)
[Shinki] Father, don't
overexert yourself.
We received word from
Sasuke that the Otsutsuki
was targeting Shukaku.
We assembled here in
order to protect Shukaku
but we didn't expect
the Otsutsuki
to show up quite so soon.
Did you bring him
down with that?
Not yet.
The Grand Sand Mausoleum Seal
won't hold him completely.
He'll revive in time.
So before he does, we must
get Shukaku to a safe place.
Shinki, the item.
What is that?
Just be quiet a
minute and watch.
I got to say, you
look pretty beat up.
It's nothing serious.
Will you do as I ask?
I'm gonna pass, thanks.
[Gaara] The Otsutsuki
can sense your chakra.
To prevent that,
we have no choice
but to use the tea kettle.
Forget it, I refuse
to go into that thing.
I promise you
on my honor I will protect
you from the Otsutsuki.
You're gonna perform
the sealing jutsu
in your condition?
You'll die.
An easy sacrifice to
make to protect you.
(suspenseful music)
If you die I have to admit
that I wouldn't cry for you,
but I don't want you coming
back as a ghost to haunt me
so this time I'll
go in on my own.
Thank you, friend.
(Gaara groaning)
Kankuro, will you take on
a troublesome job for me?
Sure, what?
Go take Shukaku to
the Hidden Leaf.
The Hidden Leaf?
So...
Yes, to Naruto.
At this point, it's
the only place.
I'll call for reinforcements.
I'm afraid we don't
have time for that.
The Grand Sand Mausoleum
won't hold long.
You bring Shukaku.
With your speed,
it'll take three days.
This is really turning
into a mess, huh?
I have one more
troublesome request.
Hmm?
The three of us
are gonna take him?
If we consider teamwork,
it's best if only people
from the sand take him.
We're going to need Boruto's
knowledge of the Leafs terrain.
Yes, but...
Can I entrust this
to you, Shinki?
Yodo and Araya will escort
Gaara back to our village
and that's an order.
[Both] Right!
Any objections, Shinki?
Right, I'm on it.
[Kankuro] Boruto,
can we rely on you
to guide us once we're
in the Land of Fire?
Sure.
But can you really do this?
What was that?
Shinki, you're the only
ones I can trust with this.
But...
Boruto has something that
you don't possess just yet.
(gasps)
And what is that
supposed to mean?
I'm sure you'll come
to learn what it is.
Okay, I understand.
Whoa, this thing's pretty heavy.
Hey, don't touch that.
Give me a break, it's
not like you own it.
[Shukaku] Hey, be
gentler, would ya?
-(Shukaku grunting)
-Huh?
Boo.
(Boruto gasping)
Oh, shut up.
Here we go.
Pon poko pon.
I hate being in
this weird thing.
It's for your own protection.
And what do we do
in an emergency?
There's no way I
can fight like this.
You will be fine with
Kankuro and the others.
Hmm?
Please, Master Shukaku.
Come, I'll carry you.
Oh, okay.
Here we go, pardon me.
You're just way too uptight.
(growls)
Hmph.
[Kankuro] It can't be helped.
Boruto, you'll
have to carry him.
Sure, but stay still, okay?
Hey, just who do you think
you're talking to here?
Yodo, Araya.
I'm leaving father
in your hands.
Just leave it to us.
Don't worry, we'll protect
him with our lives.
Let's go.
[Shinki] Just don't fall
behind, Boruto Uzumaki.
[Boruto] Quit using my
full name all the time.
[Kankuro] Can you two at
least try to get along?
[Boruto] He started it!
(wincing)
Are you all right?
(birds screeching)
I told you that you
need to keep up.
We don't have time to slow
down and match your pace.
Dammit, I'm not used
to running on sand
and I'm carrying
the tanuki, okay?
What'd you call me?
Hey, are you sure we
should be going this way?
Of course.
But the Hidden Leaf
Village is that way.
Look, just shut your mouth
and carry Master Shukaku.
(growls)
(panting)
You tired?
It's nothing I can't handle.
I couldn't find anything.
[Kankuro] I see.
What is this place, anyway?
It's a wind power station.
It was built but didn't
end up working out,
so, as you can see,
it was abandoned.
I thought we'd find some
communication equipment
if we came here, but
I guess I was wrong.
[Boruto] I wish you would
have just explained it
to me from the start.
Didn't I tell you?
(growling)
[Shinki] Uncle,
please take a look.
Hmm?
A map?
It looks to me like
there's no close facility
where we could contact the Leaf.
Too bad, I wanted to get in
touch with them beforehand.
But I guess our only choice
is to head straight there.
[Shinki] In that case,
I can think of three
routes we can take.
(grunting)
Come on, I'm thirsty.
Boruto.
Yeah, what is it?
I gotta take a leak.
Huh?
Wait, are you telling me
tailed beasts have to pee?
Of course.
What, you don't believe me?
No, of course I believe you.
It's just...
Too late, I can't
hold it, I gotta go.
All right, all right.
(straining)
You going or what?
(laughs nervously)
Right, I'll just be a sec.
Where are you going?
Just do it there and
cover it with some sand.
Yeah, right. Give me
a break, would you?
I'm not a cat!
No peeking!
Why in the world
would I want to?
(sighs)
Is he really even
a tailed beast?
Great, then the route's settled.
Go get Boruto.
It's so hot.
Let's go.
Hmm?
We gotta wait, Shukaku is...
What's wrong?
Nothing, he just said
he needed to pee, so...
Tailed beasts don't
need to do that!
What?
Ah, finally I get a
little alone time.
Now I can stretch out and relax.
[Shinki] Master
Shukaku, there you are.
Huh?
You've got some
nerve tricking me.
Ah, you got me and so fast too.
We can't have you
wandering off on your own.
Are you telling me that
I'm not even allowed
to take a break?
For right now, yes.
What a pain.
Come on, let's go.
Huh?
(gasping)
What do you think you're doing?
It was a mistake to have
left this in your hands.
I'll hold onto Master Shukaku.
That wasn't the agreement.
Face it, you messed up.
Now don't be so immature.
I feel bad I let
him out of my sight,
but it's mean to ignore him.
That's what I mean by immature,
we're on a mission here.
Getting emotional will
only cause more mistakes.
So I'm supposed to
act like a machine?
Well no thanks, I won't do it.
I'm just saying that you
have to think rationally.
All right you two,
that's enough.
Shinki, go prepare to depart.
Think about what
you did wrong here.
Yeah, I know, believe me.
But I just don't like
the way he talks to me.
So you'll only listen if
you're spoken to nicely?
Now that's definitely
immature, don't you think?
(winces)
Look, I understand
your frustration.
I know Shinki is very
blunt, try and forgive him.
(sighs)
He's just such a drag.
Hmm.
So, need to rest some more?
No, I don't need to.
Besides I don't
want to lose to him.
That's the spirit.
(suspenseful music)
(panting)
Hold up.
I think we should
camp here tonight.
I'm so tired.
No sign of the enemy nearby.
I'll just go ahead and
take watch, get some sleep.
No, I can stand guard.
Please Uncle, I think
you should rest for now.
Aren't you being a
little overzealous?
I understand you want
to fulfill the mission
that Gaara gave you, but...
(grunts)
You can see the stars
so clearly tonight.
[Shinki] Yes, that
makes it easier
to tell the direction
more accurately.
[Kankuro] That's
kind of what I mean.
[Shinki] Huh?
It's just all you
see in the starry sky
is how to find your bearings,
but then I guess that's
perfectly rational.
There are those who
gaze at the stars
and can envision an
emotionally moving story.
Huh.
(Boruto growling)
I don't get it.
What can I possibly
learn from Boruto?
Well Gaara is a man
of few words, so...
You can't take Boruto's
fighting skills lightly.
Although when it comes to
teamwork as a three-man team,
the success rate of the
mission would be higher
if we had Yodo
and Araya instead.
[Kankuro] Maybe, if you're
thinking about it rationally.
Is there another way?
I bet that soon
enough you'll learn
what Gaara was
thinking when he chose
to entrust this
mission to you guys.
Mr. Kankuro.
Where's Shinki?
I sent him out to
refill our water.
Oh, I didn't know
he drank water.
Of course he does.
He is a person, isn't he?
Even if he is, he's
pretty unsociable.
Well, like father, like son.
Same goes for you too, Boruto.
No way, my dad and I
are complete opposites.
Oh, yeah?
Well, Gaara doesn't seem
to think that's the case.
[Shinki] Uncle!
What's the matter?
There's something heading
this way right toward us.
Is it pursuers?
Likely.
(gasps)
(suspenseful music)
I'll beat 'em at their own game.
Just hold on, leave
this one to me.
The two of you go on ahead.
What, why?
It'll be easier if we
fight them together.
You don't get it, do you?
Those guys are puppets and
I am a puppet specialist.
So there's no way
I'll lose, right?
And besides, the strategy
for right now should be
to put the mission
first and foremost.
Yes, that's absolutely right.
We'll head straight
for the Leaf Village.
Why?
You don't have to fight
alone, Mr. Kankuro.
This isn't the time for you
guys to be hanging out here.
The mission we were given is
to keep Master Shukaku
out of harm's way.
Yeah, but...
Go, Boruto.
Besides I'm getting tired
of refereeing fights
between you two brats.
All right, fine.
But you better catch up
to us later, Mr. Kankuro.
Of course I will.
Well, that's not good.
As expected, they're strong.
However, after talking
big to those two,
I really can't
afford to lose now.
(Closing Theme Music)
(upbeat music)
[Boruto] Is Mr. Kankuro really
gonna be okay by himself?
[Shinki] He should be.
My uncle's puppet
jutsu gets stronger
and better against more enemies.
If we were there, we
would only get in the way.
[Boruto] I hope he
takes them down soon
and catches up to us.
Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations,
The Puppet Battle.
After all, a puppet
user can't let puppets
make a fool of him, right?
(Closing Theme Music)